{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Engine Parameter Display:
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2 	-	The motor display should provide real-time and accurate readings of critical engine parameters for both PW4000 series engines, including RPM, thrust level, fuel consumption, exhaust gas temperature (EGT), and oil temperature.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The display should have dedicated sections for each engine, clearly indicating the data relevant to each one.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Status Indicators:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display must include visual indicators to show the operational status of each engine, such as "Running," "Start-up," "Shutdown," and "Fault" conditions.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Status indicators should be prominent and easily distinguishable, aiding the flight crew in quickly identifying engine states.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Warning and Alert System:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display should promptly show visual and audible warnings and alerts for critical engine conditions, including high EGT, low oil pressure, abnormal vibrations, and other significant anomalies.
\f1 \
\

\f2 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Warnings and alerts must be clear, unambiguous, and easily distinguishable from other information on the display.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Dual Engine Synchronization:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display for the pilot and co-pilot should synchronize data for both PW4000 engines to maintain consistency and facilitate collaboration between the flight crew members.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Dynamic Graphical Gauges:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Display engine RPM, thrust level, and other relevant parameters using dynamic graphical gauges, allowing the flight crew to monitor engine performance at a glance.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Gauges should be responsive and smoothly update as engine conditions change.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Fuel Consumption Information:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The display should show real-time fuel consumption rates for each engine and calculate the estimated remaining fuel for each engine.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Fuel consumption information should be presented in a clear and easy-to-read format.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Engine Health Monitoring:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display should provide an integrated engine health monitoring system, displaying trends and historical data for engine parameters to facilitate predictive maintenance and fault analysis.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Engine health data should be accessible through a dedicated section of the display.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b EICAS Integration:\

\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display must be seamlessly integrated with the Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System (EICAS) to receive and display critical engine messages and warnings.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b User Customization:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The display should allow flight crew members to customize the layout and arrangement of engine information based on individual preferences and operational requirements.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Night Mode and Brightness Control:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display should have a night mode with adjustable brightness to ensure optimal visibility and minimize glare during night operations.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Regulatory Compliance:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display must comply with relevant aviation regulations and standards, including DO-178C and DO-254, to ensure safety and airworthiness.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Environmental Durability:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The display should be designed to withstand harsh environmental conditions, including temperature variations, pressure, humidity, and vibration.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Security and Data Protection:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The motor display should implement robust security measures to prevent unauthorized access and protect sensitive engine data.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Maintainability and Support:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 	-	\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The manufacturer should provide comprehensive technical support and documentation for the motor display throughout its lifecycle, and the display must be designed for ease of maintenance and updates.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\
}